add: Bicep deprecation sample (#1116)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/content/specs-defs/specs/shared/_index.md

#### ID: SNFR18 - Category: Release - Breaking Changes

A module **SHOULD** avoid breaking changes, e.g., deprecating inputs vs. removing. If you need to implement changes that cause a breaking change, the major version should be increased.

{{< hint type=info >}}

Modules that have not been released as `1.0.0` may introduce breaking changes, as explained in the previous ID [SNFR17](/Azure-Verified-Modules/specs/shared/#id-snfr17---category-release---semantic-versioning). That means that you have to introduce non-breaking and breaking changes with a minor version jump, as long as the module has not reached version `1.0.0`.

{{< /hint >}}

There are, however, scenarios where you want to include breaking changes into a commit and not create a new major version. If you want to introduce breaking changes as part of a minor update, you can do so. In this case it is essential to keep the change backwards compatible so that the existing code will continue to work. At a later point, another update can increase the major version and remove the code introduced for the backward compatibility.

{{< hint type=tip >}}

> See the language specific samples how you can deal with deprecations in AVM modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the language specific examples to find out how you can deal with deprecations in AVM modules.
```

A module **SHOULD** avoid breaking changes, e.g., deprecating inputs vs. removing.

> {{< hint type=tip >}}

Reviewer 2: Thanks @ReneHezser for adding.

I did have a brief chat with @jtracey93 in the meantime and he made a good suggestion that we should probably add here. The idea was somewhat along the lines of
- Backwards compatibility should only be ensure if you introduce a breaking change but want to do so as part of a minor update. This way, you can change the schema, while existing code would still work
- A major version update should then do away with that compatibility mode

Author: The text can always be improved :-)
What do you think about the change?

Reviewer 3: @AlexanderSehr @jtracey93 @ReneHezser  I think we are missing a note for all of this not being applicable before v1.0.0 is released.

As per [SNFR17](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/specs/shared/#id-snfr17---category-release---semantic-versioning), before v1.0.0, a minor bump will cover for both breaking changes and backward compatible features.
Therefore, in this phase breaking changes are expected. We should still avoid them, but if they are needed we cannot use a major bump to release them, nor we can ensure backward compatibility for all the breaking changes we may introduce. It's a delicate matter, but simply not realistic to commit to.

Author: Great comment @eriqua 
I've added this as an info for best visibility.
